Go for the build,
I think you guys have all the tools you
really need now to build something, right?
You know what's going on,
if you screw up your own storage,
I think you probably understand
why you screwed up your storage.
You can go out and
try to use the Ethereum IDE,
I forget what it's called,
I don't know, it starts with an r.
But nonetheless if you use that you'll
at least understand what's happening
underneath the hood,
it won't be as confusing.
If something goes wrong you know why, but
I gave you hopefully all the pieces you
will need to be successful
in building something.
And I didn't wanna make it NFT specific,
because smart contracts
are much bigger than NFTs.
NFT is a single ERC, right?
721, there's also partially mutable or
possibly non fungible tokens 11
something something for NFTs.
But again, that's just reading up,
learning what you need to do, but
now you know how to approach it.
When you do an NFT, you know how to
do a special storage location so
that you don't crush your own NFT data
that is brought in by openZeppelin.
You know about the diamond pattern,
you'll be able to upgrade you'll be able
to replace, you'll be able to delete,
you'll be able to make your
contract live a long time.
And really just avoid a whole class of
headaches that you would normally have if
you didn't take the time
to learn these things.
And honestly, when you build your first
NFT, it's likely gonna be pretty simple.
And you won't need a lot of these things,
and then you'll have a bug,
you'll update it and
you'll hate your life.
Now, this won't happen,
hopefully everyone's happy about this.
So even if you have a single, very
simple contract, throw behind a diamond,
you'll never be sad, right?
You'll always have a way to update it.
Be careful, external libraries that you
use, they could screw up your storage.
So, always make sure you just use
a special storage location for
all of your stuff.
You'll just never have to worry about it,
right?
You'll never have to
undo the things you did.
And of course, if you wanna be as fast as
I am at making these things and just being
able to easily understand it, it's just
a time in the saddle problem, right?
I think everyone here can
easily do what I just did.
It's just you got to do it like
five times then it's simple.
It's just straightforward.
Thank you Frontend masters,
thank you, Mark, Aisha, Tanner, John,
appreciate that.
Awesome, you can see me on Twitch.
So did I pass the VIM speed test that I
set in the beginning and my fast at VIM?
Did I move quickly enough, swift enough?
All right, I still have that Twitch.
I still have a YouTube, that's about it.
And I hope you enjoyed this first
look into Web3 using Ethereum,
I think it's pretty fun,
I had fun, that's it,
yes I gotta clap,
>> [APPLAUSE]